---

comments: true
date: 2006-11-21 14:00:24+00:00
layout: post
slug: weekend
title: Weekend
wordpress_id: 219
categories:
- life
---

It was a long weekend. I had already had the saturday and sunday blocked out for my Nan's birthday. There was just going to be a get together, some food, cake, the usual. But then my granddad dies 3 weeks ago so the funeral got arranged for the monday. Had a long drive down on saturday followed by a huge late dinner, and got back to the hotel at about 10. Didn't sleep well. Hotel beds are usually unconfortable so I was awake from 4am onwards, dozing for just a bit. Sunday involved some shopping in Ipswich. Got a new shirt (a white version of one I already have in black and grey) and some trousers to go with my suit. I had a moment of stupidity and washed some dry-clean only trousers at home and shrunk them. Then back to my nan's for cake and then on to the hotel for Lord of the Rings on Channel4 and then more terrible sleep.
The funeral was nice. It was worried about running late. My girlfriend was feeling really ill so I was trying to make sure she was ok, ant not going to pass out, as well as pack bags and get us checked out with plenty of time to drive to the Crematorium. I narrowly avoided having to dish out the Order of Service books though, which I didn't really want to do. Luckily, they were already laid out on the seats. My mum wrote a letter about her dad which the vicar read out, and my Aunt read out a poem which made me laugh and cry a little bit. Reminded me that he was really happy to finally have a grandson after 3 granddaughters. After that we went back to my Aunt's to enjoy a spread she had put on and just chat. Then drove straight home (well we stopped for petrol and our own fuel as well) at about midday. Then instead of going home, we popped to my girlfriends parents for an hour or two, mainly to get a few things. Then finally back home, dragged the bags in, checked the mail and finally sat down for dinner.




It was a draining weekend, quite emotional really. Mum had some things for me granddad wanted me to have that he'd mentioned in a letter he wrote about 14 years ago which was with his will. It included his gold case watch, signet ring, some cufflinks and a lovely swiss Pocket watch. It was all really nice stuff and can't wait to pass it on down the family line in the years to come.




 Now back at work though, only 18 emails to read. Dealt with now. Not a lot to catch up on really. Still struggling to get hot water into our apartment. Its been over 2 weeks now and showering is really a necessity.
