---

comments: true
date: 2006-12-04 00:35:43+00:00
layout: post
slug: band-practice-21206
title: Band Practice 2/12/06
wordpress_id: 216
categories:
- band
- douglasfurs
---

Date: 2 December 2006Place: Rich Bitch, Selly Oak




Good two hours this week. A bit more productive. Usual warm up, ate some food, tuned, fiddled with the knobs to get a good sound come out although it was a bit crunchy. Changed the bass and treble but didn't help much. Got on with it and played anyway.




We went through the usual routine. Russia, some messing around with it, a few mess ups (by all of us). Had a bit of a jam time, when we went through a bit of a blues moment. Chris and I were playing a funky blues rythem and Nick and James were playing something different altogether. It was good fun though. Not what we're going for but cool to jam. Jammed some more though. Just playing rythms with Chris and seeing what we sounds good. Did some really cool beats and tunes but as with all our good stuff, if we stop it we forget it so we can't play it again. Lead me to think we need a tape recorder to record jams on so we play them back and see what exactly we were playing.




Not much else to say. Got a shit Kinder Surprise. It was some lame stickers. Wow(!). About on par with the crappy "paint set" I got last time.




Went out to the pub afterwards for Nick's birthday. Has a good time taking about all manor of subjects including religion, films, ABBA. Then we went to listen to some music upstairs at the pub. We went in and were greated by screaming goth metal that sounded very slipknot/Creed/Nickelback. Weird. Then some random band came on, that consisted of a singing drummer, a guy with a plastic fork in his dreads and a guitarist in a 1930's Zulu-esque safari hat. James and Savage found similarities with other songs and proceeded to sing Hotel California and a Beatles track very loudly over the top of the band. Oh and some girl came on to sing Silent Night. What more do I need to say? Same time next week is all.
