---

comments: true
date: 2007-01-06 23:44:40+00:00
layout: post
slug: band-practice-060107
title: Band Practice - 06/01/07
wordpress_id: 202
categories:
- band
- douglasfurs
---

Date: 6 January 2007Location: Rich Bitch, Selly Oak (Beige Room)




Firstly, the reason I mention the room colour (they're labelled by colour. Fancy eh!) will become clear later.




Our first practice of the year was a good one. Its been a while since our [last](http://domster83.wordpress.com/2006/12/13/band-practice-131206/) and it went well. I got to try out my overdrive pedal at last. I didn't get a chance to try it before so it was a bit hit and miss. I need to try out the suggested settings in the manual and see how it all sounds. Anyway, we started on Sequia for once which was interesting. But we moved on to Russia as we love it so and it sounded really good. All these different versions sound good but we can't play them all. We pretty much just played those two a few times, then hit a problem.




Nick's guitar started cutting out, so we switched cables around and tried again, and with a different amp, but it just kinda gave up. So he borrowed a fiver and rented a guitar from the front desk. It wasn't the best in the world but its all he had to work with. So its going back to SoundControl tomorrow and Nick's going back to his stratocaster. But we got on with things, and started on a new song. Nick had some stuff he had been working on, and James, Chris and I joined in to see what we could form. The intro (as it turned out to be) was cool, me and James had fun making up silly lyrics and grooving along. So we spent about 40mins on that, working on the chorus and verse, and progressions. Its sounding good (as all our tracks do) but it needs lyrics and finalising.




We managed to get through a rehersal without Gauge Away though. Pretty good going!  We finished on Russia just to end on a bit of fun.




Then we get on to what I hinted at earlier. We went to book our next rehersal but Chris has plans so we are doing a midweek practice. But out ususal room was taken. We were gonna try out the brown room, and Nick asked what equipment they had and the woman said it was like the dance studio and we could have a look. So we peeking inside and wow. It was a massive room with a full stage and massive Marshall speaker stacks and full PA system. They also had a 32 channel mixing deck. There were some guys finishing off in there and they said that for a few quid, one of the guys there will set up a minidisc or CD to record your rehersal if you want which is pretty cool. So we think we will one day hire it and get some tracks recorded. Its also an ideal room for a bit of a show-practice for others which James mentioned doing, playing for our friends. But thats for another time. In the meantime, we'll be in the lilac room this week, which is smaller and therefore cheaper. We thought we'd try somewhere else, see how it all compares. Maybe try something else next time too. I think we're all looking forward to the Dance Studio. It has a proper studio feel to it. Very professional.




So stay tuned for the midweek update.
