---

comments: true
date: 2007-03-12 19:14:41+00:00
layout: post
slug: band-practice-100307
title: Band Practice - 10/03/07
wordpress_id: 183
categories:
- band
- douglasfurs
---

Date: 10 March 2007Location: Beige Room, Rich Bitch, Selly Oak




Its been too long since the last one of these, but don't worry, we've been practising. To prove it, here are the dates we practiced: 10 Feb, 13 Feb, 22 Feb, 28 Feb, 3 Feb, and then 10 Feb.




What have we been doing? Well practising really.  Been trying to finish Birdclock, Just Woke Up, and also jamming, trying to get some new stuff. We had two, one which was based on the chords D and F (Douglas Furs? That was pure chance, I chose the chords) but despite some people liking it, it was voted off, so its hit the scrap pile. The other one's chords escape me, but we did work on one this week, which went A, E, B, D (I think, can't be certain without taking my bass out of its case) but unfortunately, it dawned on me (who then shared it) that that is the same as Just Like Heaven by The Cure, which we were planning on trying to cover anyway! So that quickly came to a stop, although we may be able to salvage it.




There were a few hiccups too, some dropped sticks, retuning (Nick, if you're reading this, get a new battery), some joking around, and a broken sofa. Don't ask me how, I just walked in to see it awkwardly broken, and James looking guilty!




I guess the main point of this post, cos not much else happened thats notable, is that we are booked in to do some proper recording. We couldn't stretch to a full production set-up cos it was about £400 for 10 hours and we haven't got enough completed material yet, but we're hiring the Dance Studio and can record onto a minidisc so we'll be doing that, then do some clever transferring to get it into an MP3 and maybe, just maybe, post it on here. Then maybe you'll be able to hear a bass line in Birdclock.




Until that day (won't tell you when), we have one more practice in the Green Room (new to us) which hopefully will be really productive.
