---

comments: true
date: 2007-01-17 16:36:41+00:00
layout: post
slug: band-practice-100107
title: Band Practice - 10/01/07
wordpress_id: 199
categories:
- band
- douglasfurs
---

Date: 10 January 2007Location: Lilac Room, Rich Bitch, Selly Oak  

I should've blogged this sooner really but there you go. I got there on time (just about) to find out that my fellow band members were there about 30 mins prior and had been in the room for that time. And they didn't tell me! I would've left sooner. I showed up at the right time though  cos I walked into the beginnings of another new song. Nick had kinda put this one together so I just wandered in and found myself a really deep, slightly tribal bass line to go with the song, and I think it helped sculpt the drum track too. We worked on this as yet unnammed song for most of the session with only a small break to run through Russia, Sequoia and Gouge Away which we hadn't played for a week. It still sounds wrong, I think the guitar parts come in too late so I've put the song on my phone and can play it for the guys later to see what they think, cos otherwise my timing is wrong. Its only two notes early I think but it all matter.  

The lilac room was nice. Shorter than the beige but it had white leather sofas, a table and decent gear. Sounded like I was getting a lot of bass on the low tones from the amp which was ideal for the new song. We went to the pub afterwards and decided to book one for the 17th as well as we couldn't wait till saturday (so thats tonight and I'll have to leave soon)  so we're in the Red room this time. So if you're lucky, you'll get an update tomorrow while I'm not so busy at work.  
