---

comments: true
date: 2008-05-06 13:12:04+00:00
layout: post
slug: new-toys
title: New Toys
wordpress_id: 83
categories:
- douglasfurs
- news
tags:
- amp
- ashdown
- bass amp
- c210t
- cabs
- mag300
---

Today I picked up my new bass amp - an Ashdown MAG300 C210 Combo. What does that mean? Its a 307W combo amp (amplifier and speaker cabinet) with 2 x 10" speakers. And its lovely.
When I was looking at new amps, I had a few choices. First, do I get a split setup, i.e. a seperate amplifier head unit and speaker cabinets (cabs), or a combo, with the amp and cabs built into the same unit. There were really two differences. Firstly, with split setups, you have more flexibility to mix amps with cabs, so if you already have some, or prefer a particular brand of cabs, you can mix and match your units. The other difference is price. You'll probably pay about another 20-30% more for split setups depending on what you choose.




For me, price was a big issue, so I went with the combo setup. I saw the Ashdown amps in PMT in Birmingham and after some reading online, decided that this was my choice of amp. So I went over there on wednesday last week and picked up this bad boy.




Of course this was not the best idea as I had a gig on Thursday at the Hare and Hounds so I had about 10 minutes to give it a try out the night before.




Anyway, the gig went well, the amp is lovely. I hope to get more time soon (see Redundancy) to play around with it. I can say that the compression and Sub-Harmonics settings do some damn good work on the sound.




If you wanna see this lush thing, check out my [Unboxing photos](http://www.flickr.com/photos/domster83/sets/72157604811625882/) on Flickr.
