---

comments: true
date: 2009-01-01 18:16:31+00:00
layout: post
slug: hello-2009-goodbye-2008
title: Hello 2009. Goodbye 2008.
wordpress_id: 66
categories:
- life
---

Its been too long since my last post. I have drafted a few but never got round to fully publishing them. I'd like to fool myself and say its because I've had no time at all, but thats a bit of a lie. I've probably had time but filled it with quality time with the TV or my girlfriend. But no more!
2009 will be a bigger year for blogging for me. I'll try and do at least one a week if I can, and get more interesting for those of you who read this. 




So what will 2009 bring for me? Hopefully a new house, hopefully a few less job changes and a bit more job security. Hopefully I'll be able to clear some credit card debt. I may even go so far as publishing some figures on my debt and how I get on with it month on month. Nothing too detailed, just total numbers. 




I'm also hoping to get some more photography into my life, and a bit more travel if I can. I'd like to broaden my cooking horizons and take a stand on a few things in life. How will this all go? God only knows. Best intentions don't count for much really.




Either way, whether or not the changing of the year means anything, its always a good excuse to make some new changes. Not resolutions as they hold as much value as a paper balloon, but perhaps the promise to myself to make things a bit better for myself and others around me.




And whatever you wish for and aim towards in 2009, good luck! Let me know how you get on.
